Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
We're going to go over what the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
Now, I am so excited.
Last night after I got done with my broadcast, we talked about it for quite some time, my family and I, and what the Lord showed us about the shakings that are about to take place.
And, pardon my ignorance, but just ignorance toward the scripture, I don't read the Old Testament very much.
I'm just being real with you.
I read Psalms and Proverbs, but I read a lot of the New Testament, and I love Ephesians, Hebrews, and James, and I go over and over and over.
And so, in my Bible reading, when I'm reading those, I don't usually deviate and go to the Old Testament that often, other than I read Jeremiah.
I felt inside a lot of times the Lord has told me, 'You'll be like a modern-day Jeremiah, and you'll say things like what he has said.
' It wasn't always positive words.
Hi, sweetie.
Hi.
She's coming on and is going to read a little bit tonight.
What does it mean?
Oh, so when I was reading, what was it?
What was it in scripture about Zechariah?
Zechariah?
And I'm telling you what, I didn't know it was in the Word, but as I was seeing the shaking of the Mount of Olives...
and I saw the Mount of Olives shaking.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake the Mount of Olives.
' And when I was looking, I thought, 'This is a major earthquake.
' What I was seeing was a major earthquake.
And then I saw the Temple Mount, the Dome of the Rock split.
I saw the roof of the Dome of the Rock—it was gold—it went and it had a massive crack in it, so much that you couldn't go in it.
It was dangerous.
They condemned it.
They had to bulldoze it down.
It was bad.
It's too dangerous to go into it.
And I could see a major shaking.
And then I saw temples that were foreign temples, that were for monkeys, false god temples.
And the Lord said, 'These temples are over a thousand years old.
' Some of these are a thousand years old plus.
These are massive.
I saw them leveled, completely shaken to the ground.
And I saw a shaking in the temples.
I saw a shaking in Malibu, Portland, Oregon.
And the Lord said, 'This will be a representation that a great change is coming and revival's coming to California.
' And I saw a revival coming to Hollywood, but I saw a shaking coming.
Now, when I saw the shaking coming to California, this was not a devastating earthquake like I saw in these false temples.
But as I was looking into this, the vision was so clear and so bold, and I was taken back by it.
But as people were saying, 'Hey, Brandon, this is in the Word, and this is what I got so excited about.
' Then the Lord will go forth and fight against those nations as he fights in the days of battle.
Okay, where is it?
Okay, and it's verse four: 'And in that day His feet will stand on the Mount of Olives, which faces Jerusalem on the east, and the Mount of Olives shall be split in two from east to west, making a very large valley; half of the mountain shall move toward the north and half of it toward the south.
' I don't know if that's what I was seeing or if there's going to be something prior, like birthing pains prior to this when the Lord touches down at the end of the ends here, or if this is what I was seeing.
I'm just being real with y'all.
I don't know if it was this or if there's going to be something else prior.
We could have multiple earthquakes, birthing pains, getting ready for this event.
But I just thought it was cool because I was like, 'Hey, it's in the Word.
' So, you know, you don't want to get flaky.
You want to stay grounded, and you want to stay in the Word.
But it's amazing whenever you see things in the scripture that line up with what the Lord's showing you.
As I was looking at a fig tree, I could see the figs on this fig tree were not little bitty figs.
These figs looked like they were—almost looked like—they looked like avocados, but mangoes.
That's how big these figs were.
They looked like mangoes.
They were beautiful figs all over this fig tree.
But they were big ones, and they were full.
The fig tree was full.
The Lord said, 'Look to the fig tree,' which were looking towards Israel.
And I could see that the fig tree was vast, and it was full.
Harvest time.
This is a time of harvest.
This is a time of the great awakening.
I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before is about to happen.
We're all getting in position so that we're ready to reap it.
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
But the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake the Vatican.
' And I saw a shaking in the Vatican.
I saw a shaking in Malibu, which, I don't know why Malibu.
I don't understand, I'm still trying to figure that out, but Malibu was what I saw.
I saw Malibu.
Now, I know there's a lot of rich places in California on the water, but why Malibu?
I'm still trying to...
Portland, Oregon, I saw shakings in these areas.
And it would be symbolic of a change.
There's change coming.
A revival to Hollywood Hills.
There's revival coming.
Now, I don't know how far Hollywood is from Malibu.
I'm not familiar, I don't live in California, so I'd have to Google it and put it on the map.
Braden could do it, but, I mean, if you tell me some place in Oklahoma or Texas, I can tell you right off the bat where it's at.
But that's what I saw.
And I saw a shaking coming to the Vatican.
I saw the walls of the Vatican shaking.
He said, 'I'm going to shake these places as symbolic.
' Now, he warned us.
'How far is Malibu from Hollywood?
' 'Oh, it's down there by the water, so it's by Santa Barbara.
So it's not too far from Los Angeles.
It's right by Los Angeles.
It's probably less than 20 miles, isn't it?
' 'Yeah.
' So it's symbolic.
It's the place.
That's interesting, huh?
So Hollywood Hills and all that in Los Angeles is probably right there.
Pasadena, Malibu, it's all right there.
So there must be a lot of probably Hollywood celebrities and rich people live in Malibu by Santa Monica.
That's pretty neat.
So whatever it has to do is representation of His shaking.
And the Lord said, 'It's going to represent a change is coming to California.
A revival is coming to California.
' And I want you to attach your faith with mine tonight that there's nobody that's too far gone for God to reach.
I don't care how much they say, 'Well, I sold my soul to the devil himself, he came and visited me.
' He visited me, but I told him to get out of here.
Some of you said, 'I'll serve you,' and he obliges you.
He goes and he tries to use you to bring forth his darkness.
But you can turn from your darkness tonight.
You can turn from what you've said.
You can repent.
You're not too far gone.
I don't care if you say, 'I made a covenant with the devil.
I made a contract with the devil.
' Contracts can be broken in the spirit realm.
You can be redeemed by the blood of the Lamb if you just call out to Jesus Christ tonight.
He'll save your soul from the pit of hell.
Tonight's your night to turn from your wicked ways.
Tonight's your night to turn before you burn.
Tonight's your night to say, 'Jesus, I'm all in.
I'm sorry.
I repent from what I did.
I repent, Jesus.
' Whenever the Latino man, the Hispanic guy, he was in Santeria.
He was a head satanic priest.
He sold his soul.
He was doing all kinds of drinking blood, doing all kinds of stuff, right?
And he gave his heart to Jesus Christ.
And all the contracts and the satanic stuff that he was doing and made all those vows to the devil was all broken by one word: 'Jesus, save me.
Jesus, save me.
' And Jesus...
and the devil, no matter how much he tries to tell you, 'Oh no, you're trapped...
' There's no way out of this.
He's a liar.
He can't tell the truth.
His covenants can be broken.
His contracts can be broken.
The name of Jesus is above every name.
And at the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that he is Lord.
And that's including Satan himself.
Every knee, every name at the name of Jesus will all confess that he is Lord.
Jesus is Lord over America.
Jesus is Lord over the world.
Jesus is Lord over Jerusalem.
Jesus is Lord over Brazil.
Jesus is Lord.
And at that name, every knee will bow.
Every tongue will confess that he is Lord.
It's coming, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm going to do it willingly.
I do it all the time.
It's not going to be because I'm scared spitless.
It's because I honor him and reverence him.
Oh Jesus, you are Lord in my life.
My wife, my kids, everything.
My finances, everything.
My dogs, we anoint our dog.
Oh, my dogs belong to you, Father.
Everything I put my hands to belongs to Jesus.
So, I'm going to tell you, there ain't no contract too big that you can't break for the devil.
You say, "I'm all into Jesus tonight.
" So, as I was seeing a Malibu shaken, as I was seeing the Vatican shaken, it represents the Christian church.
It represents Christian 1.
4 billion Catholics.
He said, "I'm going to shake the Catholic Church.
I'm going to shake it, and everybody always wants to say, 'Well, it's the charismatics that God's after.
' No, no, no.
God's after the body of Christ, and the body of Christ represents everybody.
It's not about a denomination.
It's out of pride.
You think, 'Well, it's because I'm baptized in the Holy Ghost, and I speak in tongues, and I walk with giftings of the spirit, that I'm elite.
' No, you just yielded.
It doesn't make you any better than anybody else.
You just yielded.
And because you yielded, the Lord will use and anoint whoever is yielded and will just say yes.
So guess what?
The sister who is a Catholic, the sister in the Church of Christ, the sister who is a Baptist or a Methodist or whatever, if they just say, 'Jesus, I'm all in, use me,' guess what?
He's going to pour out his spirit upon all flesh.
And it doesn't matter what kind of denominational tent you claim.
He will pour out his spirit on all flesh, and his sons and his daughters will prophesy.
Look what God is about to do in these last days.
If you just line up with what he's told you to do, I don't care what tent you claim.
If you're Catholic, well, praise the Lord.
I'm just glad you love the Lord.
I don't believe in all the doctrine Catholics teach.
I believe we can agree to disagree on different doctrinal issues, but I'm going to tell you this: as long as you love Jesus and you're on the Lord's side, I'm for you.
Let's all work together and bring in this harvest.
We can have some doctrinal issues that we can disagree on, but let's just get the harvest in and let's go home.
So, that's where we are right now.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake the Catholic Church.
I'm going to shake the politics.
I'm going to shake the very foundation of Jerusalem.
I'm going to shake it, Brandon.
' And I got so excited when I saw that shaking taking place, that he shook the dome.
That means he's shaking Muslims.
That shaking of that Temple, that Dome of the Rock, is a representation of one of the most holy sites, Mecca, of the Muslim faith.
And the Lord said, 'I'm going to shake it and split the roof.
' It's symbolic.
So I'm excited.
I'm waiting.
I'm like, don't wait until the last of the last.
Let's do this now.
Let's split that sucker right down the middle.
Symbolic.
It's time, ladies and gentlemen.
We are the last of the last of the last of the last of the last days.
We are here.
And Jesus Christ is coming for this generation.
We will be the generation that doesn't taste death.
We are that generation that we will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Are you ready?
Are you expecting?
What did I tell you was coming on April 1st?
Everybody's like, 'Oh, April Fool's Day.
' The Lord said, 'An acceleration of signs in the heavens.
' And from this time to September 11th, 9/11 of this year, it will be a time of acceleration.
And I said, 'Great things will start to be fearful sights.
You will see from the heavens things that will bring you to your knees.
Shaking to awaken will come from the shaking of the skies.
' And I said, 'You're going to start to see fireballs all the time that will be on the news that will shake the heavens.
' And this will start on April 1st.
This is the time frame, Passover.
And I said, 'Watch this.
' So guess what happened again today?
Show them this.
This is all I said would happen up northeast, and it would happen from Seattle all the way to New York.
I saw all up Northeast.
I even have the videos to prove it.
And I said there'll be one that is so loud that it will make your ears ring.
It'll make you almost deaf.
It will ring your ears and it will break the glass out of your cars and your houses.
It will be like a sonic boom.
So this one happened today.
Go ahead.
Play it.
Do you see it?
Another one that's over Michigan.
Signs in the heavens.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to bring great signs.
A shaking that will wake you up.
' Signs from the heaven.
Look at that one.
It goes for a long way.
What is it?
He's waking up the church.
He's waking up the world.
That last one was my favorite, Braden.
It went a real long way, huh?
Yeah.
So, that was over Michigan today.
This morning, Fox News is freaking out.
Everybody's like, 'Why is this all happening?
' Because the Lord's trying to get people's attention.
And it will increase.
It will increase.
Look at that girl.
She's looking at that.
Look at that.
She's taking a picture with her phone, trying to get a selfie with it.
Put that on social media.
No.
So, do you see it?
I told you they're coming.
Well, the Lord told us, right?
Ohio, Michigan this time.
Meteor sightings.
Fire in the heavens.
Look, there they are.
Look at it.
Fireball meteors.
Look, it's all up.
It's just like he said it would be up north.
June 1st, May 27th, May 30th, Boston.
Boom.
Look at that.
May 30th, May 30th, they're all entering in just like the Lord said.
He's shaking the Northeast.
It's happening.
And I said, 'Wait for the one to happen over Seattle.
It's going to be massive.
' I saw something massive coming.
And I saw two hands split and go across the land.
It was symbolic.
Something's about to happen.
So, we see the things happening and the Lord said earthquakes.
So, look at these right here.
What is going on with this?
A magnitude 4.
1 earthquake just struck outside Las Vegas, Nevada.
It was mostly strike-slip with an extensional component.
This is the latest of a moving line of seismic activity from the Juan de Fuca down into Nevada that is primed for movement after fault unlocking, which doesn't last forever, via fracturing via the recent earthquake swarm around Silver Springs and southern locations.
So, we're seeing seismic activity that's picking up.
So, it's something to watch.
And the Lord told us to watch this.
There's a major uptick in seismic activity in Las Vegas.
So, it's something I'm telling y'all, major shakings.
These shakings.
So now, a new sun fires off three powerful solar flares raising chances of seeing the northern lights across the US.
Signs in the heavens.
It's activity.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
The Lord said, 'I haven't seen anybody fall on their knees yet.
' So, we know it's going to increase.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
You're going to see labor pains.
Labor pains don't get better for all these people.
Well, everything's going to get better.
It's not going to get better.
You're going to see labor pains increase.
They don't decrease.
The baby comes.
It doesn't stall out and go, "I'm just going to wait here, Mom.
You know, I like it here in this womb.
I think I'll just be comfortable in here.
I know I'm already in pre-labor and you're already dilated to a nine, but we don't want you to push yet, so I'm just going to hang out.
" That's not how it happens.
The body is saying, "We got to get this baby out of here," and you're going to have labor pains that are going to pop.
And I remember it for her.
It was terrible.
And the baby came.
So labor pains.
So all the prophetic words that tell you things are going to get better, yeah, I change the channel.
I told you you're going to have labor pains.
The Lord said you were in Matthew 24.
Look what's going on right now.
Signs of the times.
Things aren't getting better.
Things are not going to change and get better.
I'm telling you, Jesus is coming.
You don't want to delay your labor.
No, let's get out of here.
That lasts over 19 or 20 hours of no fun.
It's time to get radical for Jesus, folks.
I'm so stirred up.
I hope y'all are ready tonight.
You better buckle your seat belts.
I want you to see this.
Okay, next.
I don't know, we got so much good news here.
I hope y'all are ready.
We had a massive planned attack on an airplane today by some crazy fool trying to blow up an airplane coming out of Sacramento, California.
He had a device on him, and he had talked to communications and he was going to blow this thing up in the airplane, and they caught him.
A California man—read it—California man attempts to board plane with explosives, five phones, and a very ominous text.
What were the texts saying?
Do you want me to read the article?
Well, just part of it, love.
Yeah, I have a video.
Okay, let's play a little bit of the video.
Do you have a video?
Let's get it.
Okay, this guy's nuts, but they caught him.
Okay.
Now, I believe he's under arrest for allegedly trying to bring an explosive device onto a plane.
TSA says he was trying to get through security with the device in his carry-on along with a torch lighter, knife, and zip ties.
Now, investigators say before the incident, the suspect repeatedly called the FBI tip line to report he was being threatened.
ABC's News Chief Justice correspondent Pierre Thomas has that story.
Good morning.
The bizarre incident unfolding just after 9:00 p.
m.
on Saturday with a suspect showing up at a TSA checkpoint at Sacramento's airport wearing a scarf covering his face and latex gloves.
Authorities say when they checked the carry-on bag of Kamani Jones, they discovered this explosive device, a torch lighter, as well as a knife, scissors, blades, and zip ties.
According to the TSA, if the explosive device had detonated next to a window on a plane flying above 10,000 feet, it could have caused significant damage and a loss of cabin pressure.
The FBI says Jones has a history of paranoia, allegedly complaining of being under surveillance.
The bureau says he allegedly called the FBI's tip line 13 times this year to report nonsensical threats, including on the day of his arrest.
And they got him.
All glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
Nobody was hurt, nobody was injured, nothing happened, but that could have been very bad.
I don't know what he was thinking.
The people are nuts.
But next, then this guy was trying to carry Ebola.
Okay, now this guy was trying to smuggle Ebola into Detroit.
Mpox.
I don't know.
Huh?
Mpox.
He was trying to bring in a virus from another country into our country.
It says from United States, from Africa, and he was trying to bring in this virus to make people sick.
Okay, he brought it in vials.
Yes.
I don't want to play it.
They see it.
He was trying to smuggle the virus in.
Okay.
The Lord warned us that the hookworm, this sick bug, was going to try to be an epidemic in Texas.
And I saw—we prophesied, the Lord gave us this word back—when did the Lord talk about the beef, son?
June 27th.
June 27th of 2025.
Play it.
That there's coming a controlling of beef.
A fear to eat beef, a manipulation of the beef is coming.
There's something with the cows.
There's something wrong with the cows.
Kind of like a mad cow disease, like another flare-up of something wrong with the beef, and beef becomes very expensive.
Organic beef, home beef, trying to manipulate the market.
There's something with the beef, like cows, but it's a bigger deal because cows take a long time to produce.
Chickens are fast.
Cows take a long time.
I don't know if it's a year or whatever, but it takes a long time to make a cow compared to a chicken.
This is another thing of control.
He says this is a control.
They'll fan it up to be more than it is.
They're fanning it up.
I see these dark people.
In fact, you know who that dark man is?
Bill Gates.
That guy, he has had his hand in a lot of stuff because I just saw his face before me.
But I see when this happens, more about grasshopper burgers, bug burgers.
I see bug burgers.
Worm—I mean, this is disgusting, but I see cricket burgers, worm burgers, using bug-like insects as a form of protein, trying to push protein burger bugs.
Burger-like, nasty on buns, trying to push that.
An alternative source of protein.
That is disgusting.
I've seen it on a burger.
I see it on a burger and they've got it like it's ground up like in ground-up powder, and they make it into some kind of burger patty, like ground up into flour.
Oh, that is just foul, making burger patties out of this flour.
Burgers like crickets.
That is foul.
Lord, the things you show me, I just don't even know what to say about that.
He's warning you.
He said, "I'm warning you.
I'm warning you ahead of time.
Be prepared.
Don't be caught off guard.
There's nothing wrong with your cows.
There's nothing wrong with your dairy.
Just remember this.
There's a darker plan here.
It's called control: weather manipulation, food manipulation, population control like controlling the people, financial things.
That's with the infrastructure of the digital.
" He said the very thing, he said it again right there, "The very thing you embrace, you will push away.
" Remember this today: there's great manipulation on things elite.
These men are very evil, and they will do great things in the days ahead.
You'll see this.
I see a decrease in fertility rates, a decrease in population fertility rates, messing with people's fertility.
Dear goodness, my goodness.
These are young people in their 20s and 30s that are not able to get pregnant.
And this is widespread.
I see it spreading widespread in America, a depopulation where the Lord said, "Don't touch all that, friend.
" He said, "Don't touch that.
" I remember he said, "You've said enough concerning this today.
" That's what he just said.
He said, "You've said enough today.
" He said, "One more thing.
Don't forget the celebrities that will rise up.
" I see celebrities that are false, saying, "I got Jesus.
I got Jesus.
" And they'll preach a universal gospel to deceive many.
He said, "Don't forget about the celebrities that will try to rise up and try to say, 'I'm all in for Jesus,' but then start preaching a universal gospel that all religions are the way to the Father.
" But I tell you the truth, there is no way to the Father except through the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior if you want to go to heaven.
Buddha's not going to get you there.
Muhammad's not going to get you there.
Any other false religion is not going to get you there.
The only way to the Father is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You have to become born again and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You have to—unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God.
And how do you accept Jesus Christ?
That's the only way.
Okay, next.
Okay, so now after you see that, this is what the Lord warned us.
This was June 27th of 2025, last year.
This time last year, almost—just a couple of weeks away.
So a year ago, the Lord warned you about what was coming.
So read louder.
'A case of flesh-eating New World...
' You have to speak up.
'Can you not hear me?
Your voice is very quiet, huh?
' Okay.
A case of flesh-eating New World screwworm has been detected in South Texas.
The US Department of Agriculture said it is the first time this parasitic fly whose larvae feed exclusively on the tissue of warm-blooded animals has been detected in US livestock in decades.
And then at the bottom, it says, 'Flesh-eating New World screwworm detected in Texas calf, USDA says, signaling major threat to food production.
' This is what I saw.
It will try to manipulate and multiply, and they'll start.
I saw them going through the slaughterhouses and eliminating all these cows.
I saw great drought upon the land.
I saw the farmers and ranchers were not having large herds of cattle in the days ahead.
Remember when in the word I said 'weather manipulation'?
Think about what the Lord said: weather manipulation and food manipulation.
It breaks the morale.
Beef.
Now, if you're a vegan, good for you.
Enjoy your tofu.
But I like my beef.
And so you see what the Lord is showing me.
He said they'll manipulate the weather with weather modification, and it will cause drought.
Then there will be a plague come on the cows, and they'll try to magnify this.
And I saw them going through the slaughterhouses and taking out tons of cows.
And they would say, 'Oh, this beef is contaminated.
You can't eat it.
' And they were just disposing of the cows' bodies.
'We can't have this.
You can't bring it on the market.
It's making everybody sick.
' So, I want you to see what's being said about Texas today, which is a huge producer of beef.
'Yeah, you know, I'm watching this, right?
' 'No, I want you to see it.
And we'll move quick.
This is what's being said today.
Okay, play that.
' This morning, concern among cattle farmers now that a case of New World screwworm has been detected in the US.
The Agriculture Department confirming a calf in South Texas is infected with a parasitic fly which can kill livestock if not treated.
This pest does not cause any sort of a food safety issue.
It is not a disease but simply an insect that feeds on living tissues.
Animals treated early enough will recover and are safe to enter the food supply system.
The news comes just days after Secretary Rollins dismissed a local lawmaker's warning that screw worm was detected in Mexico just a mile from the US border.
The screwworms are very aggressive.
They kind of hook themselves into live tissue, and it can be very, very destructive.
The parasitic flies were eradicated from the US back in the 1960s.
A human case was confirmed in an international traveler last year.
That person recovered.
This is something that sounds very scary, but the threat to humans—especially people in the United States—is very, very low at this time.
People who are at a higher risk are individuals who hang around livestock.
But one major concern is the beef industry, which is already struggling.
Beef prices are up 13% in the last year.
One factor: fewer cattle.
The US cattle herd is at a 75-year low because of extreme weather, high feed costs, and industry consolidation.
The screwworm could make matters worse.
Since cattle are much bigger and much slower to reproduce, it takes many years to fix the problem.
In response, the government...
Do you understand?
Do you hear it now?
A year ago, the Lord warned you, and I said organic beef prices will be skyrocketing.
I saw it going up, and the Lord said this will become very valuable.
People who are growing organic beef—and I said they're going to make this bigger than what it is in the days ahead—is what I saw.
So that was a year ago.
On June 27th, the Lord gave us that word, and here we are a year later almost, and we're seeing it in the news.
So, it's just a warning to pray.
I'm trying to warn you.
And then they're going to push bug burgers on you.
Bill Gates is going to come out and say bugs are an alternative protein source, but it is about morale.
It busts your morale down.
And then I saw fertility—that they would affect your testosterone and your estrogen, ladies, to mess with you so you cannot conceive a child, for population control.
I said, 'It's coming.
This is what the Lord said.
They're going to make it where you can't get pregnant.
' And I said, 'This is what the Lord warned.
' And then He said, 'Shut up.
' There were things there that I could not talk about and still won't.
So, this is what's happening.
I have so many emails: 'Brandon, I can't have a baby.
Please pray for me.
' But guess what?
We're underneath a covenant.
I'm not saying the sky is falling, Chicken Little.
I'm trying to tell you, we've got to rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and pray like we've never prayed before.
This isn't a time for fear.
This is a time for prayer.
This is a time for taking our communion and knowing who you are in Christ.
Anoint your wife with oil, anoint yourself with oil, and conceive a baby.
I'm not underneath the curse.
My hormones are lined up with the Word.
If God tells me to be fruitful and multiply, and I'm supposed to have a child, I'm going to have a child.
That's what you say, young people.
'I speak to my wife's hormones.
I speak to my hormones, and we're going to have a child.
We're not going to worry about what the doctor said: 'Well, you're infertile.
You'll never have a child.
' No, no, no, no.
I'm a child of the King.
And the Bible says that I can have fruit.
I'm going to take anointing oil, anoint my wife, anoint me, and we're going to have a baby, and we're going to have a child.
We're going to train it up in the way it should go.
And whenever they get older, they'll not depart from it.
And we're going to take communion, and we're going to take our authority over her womb and my seed, and I'm going to say in the name of Jesus, we're going to have a baby.
' That's what you say.
And we're going to walk by faith.
We're going to live by faith and not by sight.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the Word of God says.
Either you believe it or you don't.
God is a good God, and He said He'd give us good children.
Blessed are our children.
Blessed is the fruit of our womb.
Blessed are our kids.
Long life.
So we have to be moved by what the Word says.
Now, I'm not afraid of what I'm hearing in the news.
I'm not telling you this to scare you.
I'm trying to tell you this is what the Lord has been warning about, and it's in the news now.
Okay, next.
Gas facility in Mexico just spontaneously combusted.
There you go, boom.
The Lord said there'll be an attack on the oil refineries.
Ready?
Yeah.
Cuba.
Okay.
Now, I told you in the days ahead, the United States will invade Cuba and they will bring in business all over.
Rich business Cubans, rich businessmen and women will rise up all over Cuba, and they will liberate the people of Cuba.
And I saw hotels, golf courses, a new SeaWorld coming to Cuba.
I saw resorts with roller coasters and all kinds of things coming.
They're going to build it.
Brandon, that takes a long time.
Yes, I know the tribulation lasts a while.
Life goes on, ladies and gentlemen.
Do you understand?
It's 365 days a year, times seven.
There's a lot going on.
The world does not just go stagnant and sit back when tribulation starts.
I believe Jesus is coming sooner than we think.
But even if we have 10 years left, even if we have this time plus seven more, I don't know.
I just am always occupying until he comes.
I don't put all my eggs in one basket and go, "Well, Jesus is coming in two years, so we're just going to hope for it.
" No, you occupy until he comes.
You invest your money.
You get ready for retirement.
I've seen people get really flaky and they go, "Well, we're not going to have retirement.
We're not going to have anything.
" You know why?
Because Jesus is coming.
And guess what?
They're retirement age now.
And they put all their eggs in the basket of Jesus coming.
And now they're going, "Well, we don't have nothing to fall back on other than social security.
And they're in trouble.
" Not naming names.
We know who they are.
And you go, "Well, what are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
" Well, Jesus is coming.
Well, you didn't occupy until he comes.
So, we don't put our eggs all in one basket thinking he's coming.
No man knows the day or the hour.
We know the signs of the fig tree and we keep going until we know our blessed assurance he's coming.
And we just keep going.
But don't get weird and go, "Well, I'm not going to prepare.
" Well, you need to.
Same people always tell me, "Well, I'm believing God for Megan to be healed, but right now I don't see the full manifestation of what I'm believing for for my daughter who is overcoming autism to sit there and go, well, I'm not going to prepare something for her in case I go to my grave or my wife goes to her grave and it's on my daughter and my son to help her out whenever we get older.
I'm believing God for her manifestation, but I'm not stupid because I know what she's overcoming.
" And I say, "Well, I need to put some money back for her to have some special care because it's going to take unless she gets her full manifestation of what she's believing for, she needs day care.
You can't just put it on my other two and say, 'Well, it's on you all.
' That's not fair to them.
You know, I had an aunt that was mentally handicapped.
My grandfather—she got bit by a fiddleback, and a fiddleback spider bit her on her head, and it messed her brain up, and she was mentally and physically handicapped the rest of her life, and she's still alive.
And my grandmother and my grandfather have gone on to be with the Lord, and my uncle has to take care of her.
I don't ever want to say somebody who's physically handicapped is a burden to the family, but it's not the kids' job to raise the child after the mom and dad are gone.
It's not fair to them.
They have a marriage and they have their own kids.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you: occupy until he comes.
Yes, they can help out, and it's a blessing, but I'm never going to rely on Braden to take care of Megan.
I'm believing for her full manifestation.
I don't want to rely on Paisley and say, 'Well, Paisley, it's your sister.
You better take care of her.
' She has a family of her own.
That's not fair.
So, you go, 'Well, I'm believing God for Megan, but I'm occupying until he comes.
' Do you understand?
So, people get flaky.
Don't get flaky.
Keep beating the drum.
Keep trying.
'Well, we're not having kids.
Jesus is coming.
' No.
Occupy until he comes.
I heard 88 reasons why Jesus is coming in 88.
And guess what?
Jesus didn't come in 88.
And people got really weird in 1988.
There's 88 reasons why Jesus is coming in 88.
Remember how flaky people get in 2020?
And in the year 2000, 'Jesus is coming.
I'm telling you, we will never see the new millennium.
' Well, we're 24 years into it.
Just saying.
And I remember back in 1999, and Prince had a song, 'Party Like It's 1999.
' Everybody's all freaking out about 1999.
Does everybody remember that?
I mean, everybody thinking, 'Oh, we're never going to see it.
Y2K!
Woohoo.
' And nothing happened.
Jesus is coming back.
So don't get flaky.
Occupy until he comes.
Keep your eyes on the sky and know that Jesus is coming.
But you still got to beat the drum and live life.
Have retirement.
Have a place for your kids.
Be smart with what God has given you.
Enjoy life.
Don't get so wrapped up in prophetic broadcasts and the end times that you do not live life.
Enjoy your kids.
Go to the park.
Feed the ducks.
Have a snow cone.
Go fishing.
I love going fishing.
I fish.
I could fish every day of my life.
I don't have a place to go fishing, but I'd go fishing, you know.
Go fishing.
I'm not real big into hunting.
My mom, my dad, my brother, they all hunt.
I don't hunt.
I don't like to kill animals, but I love to eat fish.
I can eat fish.
I love salmon.
I love it all.
I could eat fish.
I could eat fish every day of my life.
But it's just my thing.
I love fish.
But I'm not real big on beef, but I'd eat it.
But I'm just saying, it's just living life and live life.
Enjoy life.
Enjoy your marriage.
Enjoy your life.
We get too caught up with the end times.
Yes, I'm trying to warn you about all this stuff, but my job is to call you to pray as a body of Christ.
Pray together.
We're a family.
We pray.
A family that prays together stays together, right?
So we pray as the body of Christ together.
We stay strong.
We know what's happening all around us.
Okay.
Now let's go on next.
So Trump says what the word said, 'I'm going to liberate Cuba.
' Listen to this.
How many minutes is this video?
Care of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
And as soon as that's done on our way back, we'll just make a little brief stop over.
We'll take care of it.
We want to help them out.
Look, we have a lot of people that voted for Trump.
Whether they did or not, it didn't matter.
But I had 95% of the Cubans voted for me.
They're unbelievable people.
They're energetic.
They're entrepreneurial.
You know, some of the richest people in Miami are Cuban.
They're unbelievable.
And I'm going to take good care of them.
I'm going to let them go back to their land.
They want to be back with family.
You know, they have a lot of family over there.
They've been treated very badly by Cuba, but we're going to treat Cuba well, and we're going to let our people go back and let them invest in Cuba if they'd like.
So, we have some very good plans for Cuba.
I think, you know, we have to get rid of the—the regime was very tough, very nasty.
The difference is now they don't have money coming in.
They had a lot of money coming in from Venezuela.
They don't have any money coming.
They had oil coming in.
They had money coming in.
But we're going to take care of Cuba, Mr.
President.
And they, you know what?
They want us to.
The people want us there so bad.
Mr.
President, some prophetic confirmation.
What did the Lord say?
They're going to liberate Cuba and they're going to bring business and all...
and I said, this is what I said, there's going to be big money coming to Cuba.
Watch.
And then that was back in January.
When was that, Braden?
Uh, yeah, you've seen a lot.
I've seen it so many times about Cuba.
I can't even count them all.
You'd be here all night listening to the prophetic words I've given over Cuba.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
This is France.
And I said things are going to get real nasty.
I saw a black swan event by the government rising up in France to bring instability, to destabilize the nation, to bring forth a digital ID.
They're going to push really hard because France is on fire.
And I said the Eiffel Tower will be on fire.
The trash cans, everything will be on fire.
And they're still burning bicycles.
These people are dumb.
Go ahead.
Yeah, I'm just talking.
So they're burning everything like the Lord said they would, blocking the streets.
Why are they burning stuff?
Well, because they got people who are paid demonstrators.
This is why I'm trying to tell you to pray about the 14th next week.
Pray about the 14th.
I saw paid demonstrators.
I saw rioting.
I saw craziness trying to break out in this nation—civil unrest through our own, like Antifa.
Now watch this.
Remember I told you watch the black stone, black onyx, okay?
Read.
Blackstone is restricting withdrawals from its flagship Blackstone private credit fund following a spike in investor redemption requests as fears over liquidity pressures rattled private markets.
The asset management giant capped investor withdrawals from the 79 billion non-traded business development company at 5% of shares after redemption requests hit 10% during the second quarter.
Okay, so I saw a black onyx stone, and it was a representation of a black—I'd say it was so black it was as black as my microphone.
And I said, "This is the leader.
This stuff right here will be about the digital currency.
The digital's coming out.
BlackRock, Blackstone.
" I said, "Watch this.
" How many weeks ago did I tell you?
A week ago, two weeks ago, I said, "Watch this.
" I said, "What's about to happen with this Blackstone?
It's pages in it and it looks like black onyx.
" I called it black onyx.
But people say, "What is the crypto?
" I said, "I've already brought up the crypto of what I believe and my opinion, not financial advice.
I'm not a financial advisor.
" I said, "I've told my opinion and I'm entitled to my First Amendment right.
I can say what I want to say and my opinion at my First Amendment right.
It's all my opinion.
I'm not a financial adviser, but I'm telling you what I believe the Spirit of the Lord has told me.
If you don't want to believe it, if you want to believe it, that's fine.
But I'm not telling you to invest and do anything.
But I'm telling you this is what I'm seeing in a vision and you've seen in the news.
" So we here, look, ready.
I want to hear it.
"Honey, I haven't heard any of this.
I've been busy all day.
" Am I reading it?
Nope.
He's going to talk.
"And I couldn't agree more with you that economic security is national security.
I gave a speech at the Reagan Library outlining my thoughts on that and how for 25 years the US has been asleep and under President Trump's leadership, we are moving forward very quickly on that, and part of that is our digital assets initiative.
The Strategic Bitcoin Reserve is something—this is new technology.
This is new ground.
We are proceeding with all deliberate speed, and we are making sure that as we are doing this in this complicated process, we use best practices and things will be durable for the future.
And I look forward to working with you and your team on that, and I look forward to the Clarity Act being passed this summer, and I couldn't agree.
" So, isn't Jesus wonderful?
The very thing that we all will embrace, we'll push away soon.
But ride the wave.
Remember, the Lord said, "You'll see the wave.
" Now, what is the wave?
We're watching it.
What is this?
What is the Lord telling you?
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
So, that was the beginning of the program.
We're so thankful that you'd be here tonight.
I believe Braden doesn't have any more articles, but those were the highlights of what we believe the Lord has shown us prophetically in the past that now you are seeing in the news.
Watchmen tell you what's coming accurately.
It's not flaky.
It's in the news now after we've told you what we believe, what the Lord has shown us six, seven months ago, a year ago, two months, ten, even longer, Cuba, etc.
There's so many things happening now that you say, "Well, Brandon, that's a lot of stuff.
" Yes, because times are accelerating.
We give all glory to God.
I cannot do any of this without Him.
We attract to deflect.
My main mission is to always point you to the cross.
My main mission is to always tell you Jesus Christ is coming.
It has nothing to do with me.
We are here to tell you Jesus is coming.
Can we miss it?
Yes, we're human.
We can miss it.
We miss it.
We've missed it before.
But we don't camp around missing it.
You keep marching.
All people, if you're flesh, if you're breathing and you have blood flowing through your veins, guess what?
We all miss it.
We all have come short of the glory.
There's nobody here that is perfect other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
And guess what?
He dwells on the inside of each one of us.
If you have invited Him inside of your life, we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Now, can you miss it?
Yes.
Why?
Because you're dealing with flesh.
Flesh.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power is known of Him and not of us.
It's never ever to get a focus on us.
The moment people start looking at you, you're in trouble.
We always give God the glory and we stay vertical.
No matter how accurate you are or how you can miss it, you always keep your eyes on Jesus.
There's no man that's great.
It's always about Him.
Never.
When you start getting a big head, God will pop that big head real quick and let that air out because that's all it is, a bunch of hot air.
We always give God the glory, baby.
And I think the prayers love seeing that, too, because it's our prayers being answered.
You know, like the person that got caught with the bomb for the airport, that was prayer.
That was you guys praying over the things that the Lord has shown us and then just stopping it.
It's Him.
Yeah, it's always about Him.
It's encouraging.
I like seeing this stuff because you know your prayers are working.
Yes, yeah, it's always about Him.
When it becomes about you, you're in trouble.
No, people get arrogant real easy about this.
But when you really realize that it has nothing to do with you, and whenever I'm on here, like three broadcasts ago, "Brandon, where did that broadcast go?
" It was dead.
It's like touching a cold stove.
I ain't going to make you watch that.
I wouldn't watch it.
It was trash.
People watching it didn't want to waste their time.
I'm not here to waste your time.
But when the glory and the anointing is not here, it's not here.
I can't make it happen.
There's nothing about my flesh or anything.
It's like people try to be, "Renie, you don't want to say this, you don't want to say that concerning certain prayer things or whatever.
" You're not in control of it anyway.
I don't care how much you think that you can move God with your prayer or whatever.
God's sovereign and He's in control.
He does what He wants to do.
He's God.
And I don't care what you think you've done.
"Well, I fasted, I've prayed, I can move this, I can do that.
" You ain't doing nothing, sister.
It's Jesus, and He is the one that's in control of this.
And if He wants to show me something, fine.
That's why I always tell you, if He don't, I'm not here to perform for you and try to make something happen.
You get over in the flesh and you're going to get snared by a devil.
The moment you start yielding to your flesh trying to make something happen, a devil's going to oblige you real easy.
That's why you just keep your eyes on Him.
I worship and I sing and I cultivate His presence.
And when the blessing of the worship goes up, the glory and the revelation comes down.
But it's always keeping the main thing the main thing and keeping your eyes on Jesus.
And when people start looking at you like they did William Branham, people get off.
Don't look at William Branham.
Don't look at Kenneth Hagin.
Don't look at Oral Roberts.
Don't look at Kathryn Kuhlman.
The moment you start looking at them is when you know you're off.
I don't care how much Kim Clement was accurate.
He was a man.
And we honor the position of the prophetic and we go, 'God, thank God for Kim Clement.
Thank God for his life.
' But we never look at Kim Clement.
We look at the gift that was on him and say, 'Thank you, God, that you're speaking through your man.
' But don't look at him.
You always keep your eyes on Jesus.
And that's where people get off.
They start looking at a man, and people will let you down.
When you idolize a man, if you put him as a celebrity symbol in your eyes, you're in trouble.
Jesus is the only way.
It's so important to keep the main thing the main thing.
Jesus, thank you, Father, that we have a treasure in an earthen vessel, that the excellency of the power is known of you and not of me.
And that takes all the pressure off Brandon Biggs.
It takes the pressure off Diana.
Why?
Because it's known of him, not of me.
It ain't about me.
And if I fall, he's there.
It's always about him.
He's the pillar, not me.
Brandon will let you down, but Jesus will never forsake you.
Right.
It's always keeping the main thing.
Keep the Holy Spirit forefront.
Oh, Holy Spirit, I need you.
I've seen people touching and falling out, and they take their coats and they slap people in the head with them, and they've got things throwing, and they're performing with the coat, throwing it around and knocking people down with their coat, and blowing on them, and they're falling out and everybody's acting.
It's just Hollywood.
I'm like, 'I want the real thing.
' Now, I'm not saying that God couldn't do it one time, maybe do that, but it becomes so much about them.
And when you start looking at them, you're in trouble—throwing coats around, breathing on people, touching.
I'm like, 'Come on, man.
It ain't about you.
It's about Jesus.
He's the healer.
You didn't do nothing.
' That's why I love my friend Billy.
He always is so quick to deflect off of him.
He's not about the show.
He touches them and he's very gentle.
He doesn't push people down.
I go, 'Sister, listen.
Oh, Jesus, touch her.
Touch her.
Oh, touch her.
' And then you're pushing them down and they go, 'Oh, fine.
' You give them a courtesy fall.
He's very gentle.
He does your faith.
Boom.
When the power of God hits you and knocks you on your ear, it's either there or it's not.
It's either there or it's not.
And there's so many people in the body of Christ in the charismatic realm that try to perform.
Screaming in your face, prophesying to you, and they put your head down and you're going, 'Brother, would you stop it?
Knock it off.
We'd better put a chair behind them so they don't hurt themselves.
I'm going to get sued.
' I mean, you know, there's so many people getting so flaky with stuff.
I'm just like, 'Come on, man.
I'm so tired of charismatic television.
' Do you understand?
People get so ticked off about stuff.
And I get it.
I've worked for some big ministries.
I've seen some flaky stuff.
Let's just be real here.
Your BO stinks just as bad as mine does.
There ain't no celebrity up in here.
When you poo, it stinks just like mine does.
Let's just be real.
Wait, don't be flaky.
We honor the position.
We honor the person, but they just stink just as bad as you do.
And they have flesh farts just like you have.
And they drop some bad words when they get cut off on their freeway, too.
Maybe if you're not dead to yourself a little bit more, you might yell at your wife that day.
I'm just being real.
People get real weird in the charismatic realm and they idolize people.
I'm here to break that mold.
Let's pop that religious bubble.
Just get flaky.
People are...
I was like, 'Man, whatever.
I've seen it all and I'm so done with it.
' Hollywood stuff.
Now, I understand being separated because you've got some flaky people that stalk you up in here, and I've got those weirdos.
And I hate to say it, but some of y'all that watch me are weirdos.
And it's weird.
I'm just being real with you.
Stop.
I'm just Brandon.
You know, I had to protect my family now with security and all kinds of stuff because I've got some nutcases, and I pray for you and I pray you get some mental help.
But just leave it alone.
You know what I'm saying?
It's not right.
People are weird.
So it's just like, what?
We just love Jesus just like you all do.
I just said yes.
He chose to do this.
Like I said, I did it for him.
So, that's my little rant, but just loving on y'all.
It's the truth.
I want to see you prosperous.
I want to see you blessed.
If you give, you'll be blessed.
If you sow, you'll be blessed.
If you ask God to anoint your hands, he's no respecter of persons.
Be obedient with what little, he'll make you ruler over much.
I believe in covenant.
I believe in the tithe.
I believe in giving.
I believe in receiving.
A farmer does it.
Why can't you?
Why does it have to be so complicated, so religious and weird?
So, here we are talking to you behind the camera.
We're just hungry.
That's why I said we read books, we try to find stuff.
I was excited about this book.
I, you know, and people get mad about it.
'I don't want you to read that book to me.
' I'm like, 'But it blessed me,' you know.
I try to help you.
Father, we just thank you for the Word.
We thank you, Father, for your body.
I thank you for every person who's watching us right now.
We're so grateful, Father, that you put us on YouTube for this season of our life.
Don't know how long that will be, but Lord, as we are here for this season, Lord, we give it our all.
And all that we say in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
Everything, no matter if it's YouTube or eBay or cleaning toilets, we give all glory to you, Lord, because we know you provide.
You'll take care of us.
If we are on food stamps, you take care of us, or if we're blessed, you take care of us.
Father, your blessing is on us regardless.
I've had little and I've had a little bit more, but God's always blessed me.
And we're not going to sit there and look at what we have in our bank account or what we don't.
We just keep our eyes on Jesus.
God, we thank you that you're always taking care of your kids.
You always provide.
You always heal us.
You always watch.
And if we don't, we go home to be with you.
Regardless, I'm a winner.
I believe, Father, that you're faithful.
I believe, Father, that you always take care of us.
And Father, we're so thankful, Father, for all that you've done for us.
We take this and we give you the glory.
We give you the honor and we give you the praise for you are good and your mercy endures forever, Lord.
And great is your faithfulness to us, oh Father.
and we take this body in the name of Jesus and we believe that by your stripes we're healed in the name of Jesus.
Everybody believe that?
Amen and amen.
Right?
Thank you for the blood, Lord.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
And Father, if you want to show us anything, Father, we thank you, Lord.
You show us that which is to come.
We apply the blood over our minds, Father.
And we thank you.
If you don't want to show us anything, Father, that's cool.
But, Father, we're always here and we're ready to serve you.
We're always ready to help you.
And you're an ever-present help in a time of need.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' We apply the blood over the room, over our finances, over Diana, over my children.
We plead the blood.
Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
It never loses its power.
It never loses its power—the blood.
You good?
Is everything all right?
I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
I sing praises to your name.
Oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised.
Hey B, play that song I told you to sing last night.
There's room at the cross for you.
Though millions have come, there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room at the cross for you.
There's room at the cross for you.
I might not have the melody right.
Though millions have come, there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room at the cross for you.
There's room at the cross for you.
Though millions have come, there's still room for one.
Maybe not the melody, though.
It's the melody.
I think it's right.
It's beautiful.
You can feel his presence on it.
So, I just keep singing it.
Yes, there's room at the cross for you.
There's room at the cross for you.
Though millions have come, there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room at the cross for you.
There's room at the cross for you.
Though millions have come, there's still room for one.
Yes, there's room at the cross for you, Lord.
We worship you tonight.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
That one, Braden.
Hallelujah.
You have given it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
Hallelujah, you have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Oh Father, I love his freedom tonight.
Diana, it just broke off.
It's just dying to it.
They don't.
It's freedom.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
You are the risen king.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
There's so much breakthrough happening for you right now.
There's things that you've been believing for that I'm telling you truly tonight, your expiration date for that is at your door.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say your expiration date for what you've been believing for.
As you praise him, as you praise him, as you lift up holy hands and praise him, the breakthrough that you've been believing for for so long, it's time for you to soar.
It's time for the open door.
The manifested presence of God on your house.
The manifested presence of God on your marriage, on your body, on your healing of your womb, on the healing of you.
Whatever you're believing for, it's time for breakthrough.
Financials, jobs, whatever you're believing for.
The manifested presence of God on your marriage.
I'm hearing that we believe, we touch and agree that tonight's the night of your breakthrough.
That tonight is the night of the manifested presence of God.
For you will see true manifestation suddenly because you've been fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
Hallelujah.
You have won the victory.
You have won it all for me.
Death could not hold you down.
You are the risen king seated in majesty.
That's it.
You feel that push?
It's breakthrough.
It's like you've been held back.
You've been held back.
And you felt like you were never going to get over the hurdle.
And the Lord said there's breakthrough right now if you receive it.
It's breakthrough night.
He is the God of the breakthrough.
He's the God of more than enough.
He's the God of El Shaddai.
He is the God of Elyon.
He is I am that I am.
And if you just receive it by faith, I receive everything the Lord has for me.
I take authority over the demonic spirits that have been holding me back.
For he is the burden removing, yoke destroying power on your finances.
The burden removing, yoke destroying power on your healing, whatever you're believing for.
Tonight is the night of the breakthrough.
There's burden removing, yoke destroying power here.
There's burden removing, yoke destroying power here tonight in every area of your life.
Healing physically, financially, thyroids are being healed right now.
I see it.
Thyroid right now.
You've had Hashimoto's.
And tonight's the night of your breakthrough for the Hashimoto's.
Everything is going to be all right.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
That's it.
You feel it?
I'm telling you.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
That's it.
It's time.
It's time for the breakthrough in your life.
I hear it, I hear it.
June.
It will start to manifest in June.
It's starting to manifest this month right now.
Even by the 14th there, I see it.
The wealth transfer.
This month, you'll start to see the trickle.
You're going to see it.
There'll be breakthrough.
I see breakthrough.
I see houses being paid off in full.
I see car notes being paid off in full.
I see manifestations of things you've been believing for coming.
It's been right at the door.
But the door will swing wide.
The door will swing wide.
It's time for his beloved bride to come up by his side.
You're going to see, for the glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory will start to manifest on you and you'll be free from the things that have bound you.
I see it.
Some of you are going to retire.
Some of you are retiring.
You'll be able to go into these meetings.
I see financial stability coming so much so that you're going to retire.
There'll be retirement, retirement.
Boomers are going to retire.
There's a retirement on the boomers.
But for financial breakthrough, supernatural debt cancellation, and it'll be retirement.
You'll see a lot of boomers retiring.
He said, "I'm freeing you up for the harvest.
I'm freeing you up for the harvest.
I'm freeing you up for harvest.
I'm freeing these boomers up for harvest.
They've matured.
There's a maturing.
There's a maturing there.
But God's freeing them up for harvest.
You'll be in position financially not to worry.
You're going to be free to do what God's called you to do.
He's bringing up mature ones, mature sons and daughters of God.
Not a lot of the young people, they need help.
But God's brought up people with some maturity, but he's freeing you up from work.
You've been bound by the work.
And he said, 'I need you for a harvest.
' There'll be maturing and investments.
Maturing investments are about to take off.
There's things that are about to happen.
There'll be things about to happen.
You'll have more than enough to take care of what you need to.
You'll have more than enough to take care of what you need to for the harvest.
Oh, wow.
Diana, I'm seeing it.
And it's like when you see the corn cobs and they're all in the fields.
It's harvest time.
Say it.
It's my harvest time.
What is God calling me to do?
I see I have harvest time.
I have visions and dreams on the inside of me that have yet to manifest of what God's called me to do.
Don't let go of what God's called you to do.
Believe for the full manifestation of it.
It's time.
But financial worries are over.
Say it.
I believe that God's going to put me in the position for the financial breakthrough that I've been believing for.
It's June.
Stir it.
Summer month harvest.
You've been believing.
Long have you been believing?
Yes.
Hallelujah.
Your stomach is louder than my stomach, love.
And my stomach's growling as much as yours is.
No, mine is.
I bet it's picking up on the thing.
It's loud.
My stomach is screaming.
When you're fasting, your stomach doesn't like you.
It starts yelling.
It sounds like a roaring lion down there.
It's like, 'Shut up.
Get in line, devil.
' No, I'm telling the flesh.
I hear yours, and yours is going with mine.
It's like they're talking to each other.
I was hoping it wouldn't pick up on camera.
Did you hear my stomach?
Yeah, I heard it.
It was loud.
I was praying.
I'm like begging here, 'Shut up.
Shut up.
Be quiet.
We're praying.
You got to be quiet, stomach.
Go.
Be quiet.
' I'll talk to your stomach, you talk to mine.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
When you pursue him with all your heart, you going to find him.
I'm going to find you, Lord.
I'm going to keep knocking until I find another level with you.
I'm going to keep knocking.
I'm not going to stop pursuing you.
I'm in hot pursuit.
Even at the level I'm at, Lord, I'm going to pursue you until the day I die.
I'll pursue you and I'm going to bother you even on the other side.
He'll say, 'Brandon, don't you have something else to do?
' I'm gonna follow him around.
I'm like, 'Can I carry something for you?
' Me, too.
I'm not gonna let him go.
I'm gonna follow him around even in heaven.
He's going to be like, 'Brandon, I know you want to be around me, but you got to do something else.
' I'm gonna be knocking on his door in heaven.
I don't know if he has a house there, but I'll be knocking on his door all the time.
I'm like, 'I want to know something else.
' He'll say, 'Cool, let's sit down and talk.
' Or the disciples.
I'll be following around, and people will be like, 'I just want to learn.
Just tell me something.
I want to hear you.
I want to know you.
' I'm passionately in pursuit of his presence.
I'm in passionate pursuit to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming and it's time for you to wake up.
I feel his presence.
I feel his glory.
And I'm telling you, breakthrough is at your door.
It's time to get excited because God loves a cheerful giver.
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
He takes pleasure in the prosperity of his kids.
God takes pleasure.
There are many of you who don't understand that.
If you being evil give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
God takes pleasure in the prosperity of his kids.
What does 'take pleasure' mean?
That means he delights.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health even as your soul prospers.
He didn't say as you are broke, busted, and disgusted and barely getting by and sick in your body and sick in your mind.
No, that's not how God works.
I question if you don't know him.
There are many of you that say you do; you have no clue who he is.
You have no clue who he is.
He takes pleasure in blessing you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Yes.
Oh, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Oh, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Let's look at the next verse.
A little boy named David went out to fight the giant.
And everyone laughed at such a funny little sight.
A little shepherd boy armed only with a sling.
But to the mighty Goliath, he seemed such a puny little thing.
But David said, 'You've come to me with a spear and a sword, but I come to you in the name of the Lord.
' That's what he says.
He put in a stone and he gave it a fling.
And with a lift of his hand, he began to sing: 'I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Oh, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
' That's it.
That was good.
And now for the greatest story of them all.
Jesus was dying and hell was having a ball.
All the demons were rejoicing.
They thought that they had won the war.
But soon they would not be laughing anymore.
On that first Easter morning, the sun woke up the earth.
The gates of the grave opened up to give birth to a resurrected Savior with healing in his wings.
And now the host of heaven rise and sing: 'I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Yes.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Whoa.
Be all right.
' I like old songs like that.
Me, too.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, that everything is going to be all right.
Thank you, Lord, that you're the Lord of the breakthrough in every area of our lives.
Thank you, Lord, that sickness and disease has to depart, has to leave us because you're the God of more than enough.
You're the healer.
You're the deliverer in this nation.
That there's a red wave coming over California.
We call that red wave in the name of Jesus.
We expose all the voter fraud.
We say it's too big to rig.
We pray for Spencer.
We pray for the Republican party to rise up and overcome the liberal agenda.
Father, in the name of Jesus, in Florida, we call Byron to win it by a landslide.
And over Minnesota, Mike Lindell.
We thank you, Lord, for Oklahoma.
We thank you, Lord, for Arkansas.
We thank you, Lord, for all of Texas that there'll be a red wave, that we'll not lose the Senate or the House.
We call forth a mighty rushing red wave in the name of Jesus to eliminate the RINOs and bring forth good voters, bring forth good candidates in Jesus' name.
We believe.
I believe everything's going to be all right, Father, for the body of Christ.
Father, for a red wave in Jesus' name.
Father, we pray over Australia.
We pray over the Philippines.
We call forth over New Zealand, over Asia, over South Korea.
Everything is going to be all right.
We call forth a mighty red wave over there of the blood of Jesus.
Father, for a major harvest of souls will come from sea to shining sea all around the world.
We call in this harvest in the name of Jesus over Africa, over South Africa, over all of Ghana and everywhere else.
Father, we call forth over Brazil a major move, a major harvest of souls in the name of Jesus that a mighty rushing wind, a mighty rushing wave of the glory of God would fill this place in the name of Jesus.
That it's time for us to arise and shine for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen on every single one of us, and that we can sing and testify in our houses that, 'I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
' I believe you're coming, Lord.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
I believe it, Lord.
We're standing in Europe, and we're not moved by what we see as the buildings are burning, as we're seeing all of the rioting turning up in France and then all the things they say—voter ID, all these things where the planes and the trains and the automobiles and all these things that are going on with the strikes.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're singing the song, 'I've got a feeling.
' Why?
Because everything is going to be all right.
Oh, I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right because why?
He is living on the inside of me.
I'm not moved by what I see in the media.
I'm not moved by what I see on TV.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, but nothing shall come nigh me.
I believe that God is before me, and who can be against me?
I believe no matter if there's a screw worm, a whipworm, flies, pestilence, tick, viruses, Lyme disease, no weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
I have a covenant with a God that loves me.
And he said, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
' I believe I'm in the cleft of that rock.
As the death angel passes by, my family, my children, my wife is in that cleft of the rock.
And the death angel can pass by and it will not come nigh me.
Why?
Because I'm covered with the blood of Jesus.
I'm covered with the blood of Jesus.
And as we're in that cleft of the rock, we're singing this song: 'I've got a feeling everything is going to be all right.
' Whoa.
I've got a feeling everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
I believe it, Diana.
Do you?
No matter if they gave me a bad doctor's report, no matter if they tell me, 'Oh, well, I got the divorce papers in the mail,' I've got a feeling.
Well, they say, 'Well, you got to file bankruptcy.
' I believe, I receive the blessing of the Lord over my seed, that the seeds from the past that I have sowed will come to harvest at last.
I speak to the seeds.
I speak to the drought.
I say in the name of Jesus, 'I'm blessed in the city.
I'm blessed in the field.
I'm blessed coming in.
I'm blessed going out.
' I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word says.
And if God provided for the sparrows of the air and the lily of the valley, how much more will he provide for me?
I believe God.
I believe, I'm fully persuaded that if you would protect Lot and his kids and they were amongst Sodom and Gomorrah, Father, even if I'm in New York City in the Bronx, you'll protect me and you'll send your angels to protect me because I have a new covenant with Jesus.
He who was underneath the old covenant, and I have the new covenant.
And I believe that the angels were sent to take care of Lot and his kids.
How much more will you take care of me and mine?
You either believe it or you don't.
I'm not moved by what they say.
There are terrorists on the TV.
There's terror.
Oh, I'm always in the right place at the right time.
My kids are in the right place at the right time.
I have a covenant.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I believe and I am fully persuaded.
I've got a promise: everything's going to be all right.
Be all right.
I believe it.
Do you believe it?
I've got a promise.
Do you got a promise?
You believe in Psalms 91, Psalms 23?
I've got a promise: everything's going to be all right.
I believe it.
And Father, we pray for President Trump right now concerning these decisions in Lebanon.
Lebanon and all the—and as Pastor Candace and Pastor Chip and Billy and Sister Billy and all them are over there in Israel right now, we pray a hedge of protection around and about them in the name of Jesus.
No weapon formed against them will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Father, this group that went to Israel, Father, I thank you, Lord.
We have prayer warriors over there.
The WWPs are all over there right now.
Max, all them.
We cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord.
They're on official spiritual business for the kingdom.
And Father, I know what you showed me last night when you said they'll pray, and there's an attack coming against Israel in the days ahead and they're going to intercede for this.
And Father, we thank you, Lord.
We pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray over President Trump and the decisions he makes concerning Cuba, over America, over the basketball game tomorrow night, over the Riverwalk, every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this land, we say you are uncovered in the name of Jesus by the FBI, Homeland Security, the NSA, the Secret Service, whatever it may be, the CIA.
We call our homeland security to see, expose, and uncover every plot, every plan, every pursuit across this land from a Red Dawn experience to domestic terror, whatever it may be.
I call in the name of Jesus, uncovered, and you will not do this in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about and we entertain angels unaware, and we call it over Europe.
We call peace over France right now in the name of Jesus, that nation rising against nation.
We call peace in every circumstance.
I see that black and white soccer ball.
Every plot concerning our electric grid, our substations, our water stations, our water, I say in the name of Jesus, every plot, every plan, it's on that—yeah.
Okay, I'm seeing the river again with the boat.
It's like a boat.
It's like a three-person boat.
I see the river again, the major river concerning the power plants with the potato launcher with the thing.
I call uncovering over in San Antonio.
I call uncovering of every plot, every plan over on the Riverwalk.
I call every plot, every plan, everything on the Riverwalk.
I call every plot, every plan, every pursuit across the river.
We pray over the river.
We pray over this little stream.
We pray over this entertainment.
We pray over the game tomorrow.
We pray over this.
We pray in the name of Jesus.
The blood covers it over San Antonio.
We pray over San Antonio in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
And this is concerning lone wolf attacks, sympathizers.
This is what I hear: sympathizers.
Similar to what happened in New Orleans on the day that they went down Bourbon Street.
I see a similar ISIS sympathizer.
You hear me?
ISIS sympathizer going down Bourbon Street like it was with Bourbon Street two, three years ago.
I'm seeing the same kind of thing.
It's the same thing I saw with John Hagee's church with this individual, like they're lone wolf attackers.
These are not a major, organized event.
This is a lone wolf attacker concerning San Antonio, an individual.
I see one dominant and two others, but I do not see anything else right now.
I see a black hoodie.
And it's going to be easy to spot this person because a black hoodie in June in San Antonio is out of place.
You don't wear a black hoodie to even match with San Antonio's colors.
It looks like a black hoodie, zip-up with white strings.
I see one, and there are two with jerseys.
I hear the word 'sympathizer.
' Praying over this, praying over sympathizers to not have courage.
They need to deflate this, to deflate the chatter.
To deflate the chatter.
I hear, 'To deflate the chatter.
' They're trying to find courage.
You know how you try to psych yourself up to do something.
They're trying to psych themselves up.
There are two for sure, and maybe a third, but it's not as dominant.
There's one, two, three.
I see these faces and I hear it's not organized.
These are sympathizers, ISIS sympathizers.
Yeah, very dominant.
And I see a pipe bomb.
I see pipes.
I see devices, makeshift explosives with black powder.
These people are not educated; they are wannabes.
Now, I don't want to be disrespectful, I'm not trying to lighten this, a terrorist is a terrorist, but these are people who are not real, they're not trained.
They want to make a name for themselves, but what a stupid way to do it.
I see this, and it's very dominant, but this is something that is like they're trying to psych themselves up with drugs.
I see drugs involved.
They're trying to psych themselves up with drugs and music.
I see the one is about 25 years old, maybe a little younger.
I see a girl who is involved.
There's a woman, a younger girl who is involved.
She looks kind of Latino.
And a Caucasian man is with them.
Everything will be uncovered.
Everything's going to be all right.
He's not going to do it.
We're going to deflate that.
When you try to psych yourself up, you know, like the locker room talk, you don't want to do it, but there's a demon behind these individuals.
Now, New York is a different story.
The Lord says this is organized.
What's going on in New York, what I'm seeing about the soccer ball, this is organized.
There's chatter.
I'm looking at Chicago, New York, Boston, Washington.
I see Amanda.
This is a multi-hundreds of millions of dollars thing concerning this.
I hear multi-hundreds of millions of dollars.
This is a very organized thing.
This is the Red Dawn.
This is the major uprising in our nation concerning Iran.
And this is an act of war.
These are trained soldiers.
I can see it very clearly.
They're targeting Boston, Chicago, New York very strongly, and I see Washington, and Seattle, but I'm focusing over here because I'm looking right now toward the East, and I can see terror in the heartland, Philadelphia.
The 41st floor.
I still see the 41st floor, one of the Trump buildings.
I still keep hearing it, something about Trump.
What is it about 41?
I hear 41.
But this is concerning his son, Don.
We pray for Don Jr.
We pray for his protection, as he is a target.
Don Jr.
, we pray for Don Jr.
We pray for Eric; he's not as much of a target.
Pray for Don Jr.
Barron's more of a target than Eric.
Barron.
I see Barron.
I see Don.
During the holidays, we pray over the holidays.
We pray over the Fourth of July.
We call a diffusing, a protection over our land from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way up.
We pray over our land, over Homeland Security, over our intelligence, that they're attentive and watching, that they'll catch every single thing, every plot, every plan against his family, against Vice President JD Vance, against Marco Rubio, against our judges.
We pray a hedge of protection across our land in the name of Jesus over President Trump.
We cover him in the blood.
No weapon formed against President Trump will prosper.
We pray over President Trump tonight.
We thank you, Lord, that he has wisdom on where to be and where not to be, that he'll have a quickening in his spirit.
Don't go there, don't go here.
Listen to the Holy Spirit, sir.
He will save your life.
Protect President Trump.
Thank you for the Secret Service.
Thank you, Lord, for giving him wisdom.
Thank you, Father, for protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting Tiffany, Barron, Ivanka, Kai.
We pray over the granddaughters, we pray for them, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Over the First Lady, over the Second Lady, all of them.
Father, we pray over her baby; she's going to have a baby next month.
We thank you, Lord, that she has a good, easy birth.
We pray for Eric and Don Jr.
We pray, but the Lord said, 'This is the time that I warned you about.
' You hear me?
This is the time I warned you about this.
He said, 'This is the time I warned you about back in January.
' This is when Usha's baby is about ready.
This is the time.
We pray over every parade, the parades for the Fourth of July, for the 250th anniversary, the military parades.
We pray over every parade, over massive gatherings.
We pray over every building, over every Trump building, over his hotels, over his housing complexes, over his apartments, over his resorts.
We pray over every Trump building.
We pray over his places of interest.
Do you hear me?
The places of interest.
We cover his family, we cover him.
Thank you, Father, all throughout Miami to West Palm Beach.
We pray a protection over them.
Oh, we call revival.
Father, we call revival.
It's about the 250th.
We pray a protection over baseball games, the New York Yankees, the sports in New York.
We pray over the soccer.
We pray over our black swan events, many, many 9/11s.
We pray over that.
We pray over Brazil, over the election in Colombia.
We thank you, Lord, that that good Christian man would win by a landslide in Colombia.
We pray over his election, that he wins by a landslide, the conservative in Colombia, that he cleans house, that you keep him strong and he wouldn't falter to corruption.
No drugs, no mafia, no drug lords trying to push this man to be bad.
Voter fraud in Colombia.
We call out the voter fraud in Colombia very strongly.
I hear voter fraud from the cartel, cartel voter fraud in Colombia, government overthrow in Colombia, keeping the man right so that he does not falter.
The man over Colombia, that he does not go to the cartel.
He will not go to the cartel to be paid off, that he would keep his roots, that his fruits would not go bad.
There's a 50/50 percent chance, but we pray he wins it by 10%.
I see 10%, but I see him winning it.
But there is voter fraud, and not only that, they try to sway this man out of purity into being bad for the drug cartel.
It's a mixture; they try to make him a mixture, the man in Colombia, the man with the beard.
They try to make him a mixture, to try to pay him and sway him to go to the cartel.
Do you hear me?
The conservative man, to make him bad.
They try to infiltrate him.
There's corruption in the government to try to sway him.
We pray against voter fraud in Colombia to bring in conservatives for revival, that he'll have favor with revival in Colombia.
This is part of the harvest.
So, God wants to bring in a conservative to bring in revival, but the devil has a plan to work through weak personalities, because principalities work through personalities to derail it through money and influence through the cartel.
Okay, to derail it.
God wants to bring forth revival, but there's corruption with voter fraud.
This is another nation.
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
They must pray a hedge of protection around this leader so that he doesn't sway to the bad side.
It's because there's great witchcraft in this area, and the Santa Muerte has great influence there.
And I see them doing incantations and things against him, hexes and vexes, for a foundation to try to get in with this government.
So you pray for him.
If you live in this area, pray for this.
There's voter fraud, but God wants to bring revival to your nation.
That's what the Lord says.
He said it's the same thing.
I see it, I hear it again.
It's the same type of shadow as Trump, but I'm telling you, this man is not as strong as Trump.
Don't reserve so much self for self.
I see a lot of self.
There could be a lot of pride there, but pride comes before a fall.
Pray for this man, if you live in this area, to remain pure, to not let the shiny thing distract him.
Don't let the shiny thing distract you.
I see it's the shiny thing and the coca leaf, the white powder.
I see the white powder trying to get a stronghold, because of the white powder.
There's a lot of white powder.
It's the power of the white powder.
Do you understand what I'm telling you?
It's the power.
I hear the power of the white powder.
It's the spirit behind it.
Do you hear what I say?
I hear this: the power of the white powder.
It's a spirit, but it's attached to witchcraft and the cartel.
The white powder makes you do stupid things.
The Lord says, 'Never meant to snort it.
' Sad money, power, and corruption, private jets, everything.
I see it so easy to dissuade people, and it's a 50/50 shot.
He has a 50/50 shot if the church doesn't pray for him.
He has a 50/50 shot for the revival to start off good, but for corruption to come in with money laundering and all these other things.
I see money laundering.
I see scandals with money.
I don't know why the Lord sent me to tell you all that.
I live in America, but I see this very clearly.
An ally, this would be the same thing for Venezuela, Brazil, and Cuba.
Yep.
Watch out for voter fraud.
The voter fraud is manipulated by the cartel.
See, it's like this.
It's like the mafia: 'You do what we tell you to do, and we'll make things happen for you.
You already have the vote, but we want to make sure we have you.
We have your head.
We can move you any way we want to.
' The cartel is very powerful there.
I see money, coca for the coke, and I see they're able to turn the head of the politician.
But if they don't have your attention, you're in trouble for assassinations and stuff.
You see, it's very dangerous.
This is a multi-billion dollar industry is what the Lord's showing me.
Big bucks.
Oh Lord, thank you, Father, for all that you show us here, and we just pray over the leaders.
The Lord's raising up new leaders He wants to put in because He wants revival across the land.
But so many corrupt politicians try to get in.
Same with Macron and his little gay friend.
Amen and amen.
Well, praise the Lord.
I felt that anointing start to lift off me, so I will stop.
God bless you all.
We're so thankful that you came tonight.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
It's all about Him.
We give Him all the glory, we give Him all the honor, and we give Him all the praise.
Thank you for being with us tonight.
Thank you for spending your Thursday night with us.
I know it's getting late, but I want to ask you: do you know my friend Jesus?
Tonight is your night.
If you've never invited Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, tonight's your night.
Don't wait another moment; this might be your last opportunity to do it.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
I want you tonight to get really real with God, and God to get real with you.
Stop running; run to God.
It's time.
You're running out of time.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the very shoes you put on today to go do whatever, the undertaker might be taking them off that evening.
Remember, no one's promised tomorrow.
Today is the day of salvation.
So, I want to say a simple prayer with you.
The moment you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me and say, 'Brandon, with all my heart, I want to serve Jesus.
Tonight's my night.
I want to be born again.
I want to accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and personal Savior.
Will you please pray for me?
' Say this simple prayer after me and say it with all your heart.
Believe it with all your heart, and the moment you do, I believe you're saved.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Tonight, Lord, I turn my back on Satan.
I turn my back on the sin I was committing, and I will serve You from this day forward.
Jesus, I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
I dedicate my heart to You.
I dedicate my life to You.
I will serve You from this day forward with everything I have.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Tonight's my night.
I want to be born again.
I will serve You and go to church.
I'll do everything I can to be a good Christian, to walk the Christian life, but I know it's by grace I'm saved through faith.
If I fall down and skin my knee, I run to God when I sin; I don't run from Him.
Thank you, Lord, that You're an ever-present help in a time of need.
As far as the east is from the west, You've taken my sins from me.
Lord, I believe that today I'm saved, and I'm saved right now, and I receive it by faith.
Amen and amen.
' If you just said that simple prayer, I believe you just invited Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior.
And you're a brand new creature created in Christ Jesus, a son and a daughter adopted by Him.
I'm so glad you're here tonight and you gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
He's my best friend.
Well, what do you do?
Go to a Bible-believing church.
Tell that pastor, 'I gave my heart to Jesus Christ on YouTube, and I want to be water-baptized.
' Read your Bible every single day and pray, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
Click like, subscribe, do everything you can to be a part of our YouTube channel.
Come over here and pray with us.
We try to at least pray four to five times a week, depending on how the Holy Spirit leads us.
We're here.
This is our online church.
We're a church family, the largest prayer group in the world.
All glory to God.
Isn't that amazing what the Lord has done?
And we're so excited you're here.
Now, if you don't have a Bible, Diana and I will send you a Bible absolutely for free.
All you have to do is email us at the address in the description down below.
Put in the headline, 'I got saved,' and give us your address, your name, and where to send it, and we'll send it to you just to love on you.
New King James, King James Version, Amplified, something.
And we'll send it to you just to love on you, just to tell you, 'Welcome to the family.
' We want to know if you gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
If you could do the little poll right now and tell us, 'I accepted Jesus Christ,' so we can rejoice with you, we'll send you on your way.
We just want to love on you and to tell you, welcome to the family.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
So, all 17 of you that gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight, welcome home.
Welcome to the family.
All 17 of you.
So, that's wonderful.
Last night was 16, 17 before.
That seems to be a good solid number.
So, all of you that did that tonight, welcome home.
So, we will be back again and we'll keep praying with y'all.
We keep praying over our nation, praying over the things the Lord gives us, and we give him all the glory.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.